Stylelint plugin (#4)
springernature/stylelint-config-springernature: README.md

# stylelint-config-springernature
[![MIT licensed][badge-license]][info-license]

[Stylelint Plugin](https://stylelint.io/) used at Springer Nature for linting `sass` using the `scss` syntax.

> This plugin extends standard stylelint configurations with rules used by SpringerNature. The benefits of using a Plugin instead of a common shared config, is that is possible to add extra rules and plugins per project basis as well as override existing rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin extends standard stylelint configurations with rules used by Springer Nature.
```

I don't think we want to give the impression that we _want_ people to be adding or overriding. It's good we have this option, but we would prefer consistency and standardisation.

Author: Fixed

## Requirements

This package requires:
- `stylelint@^15.11.0`

## Installation

1. Install `stylelint` and config to your devDependencies

```
npm install --save-dev stylelint @springernature/stylelint-config
```

> 2. Create a file called .stylelintrc.json on your root folder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a file called `.stylelintrc.json` in your root folder. 
```

Author: Fixed

3. Inside the file add:

```json
{

>     "extends": ["stylelint-config-springernature"]  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "extends": ["@springernature/stylelint-config"]  
```

This should be published to the springernature org on NPM using our standard naming practice.

Author: Fixed

}
```

> You can add more rules or plugins on this section following the [styleint config format](https://stylelint.io/user-guide/configure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add more rules or plugins in this section following the [stylelint config format](https://stylelint.io/user-guide/configure).
```

Author: Fixed

4. Run `stylelint`, specifying the `scss` syntax

```
stylelint './path/to/scss/*.scss'
```

> 5. Run stylelint fixng issues automatically (not all are fixable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run stylelint fixing issues automatically (not all are fixable).
```

Author: Fixed

```
stylelint './path/to/scss/*.scss' --fix
```

6. Add `stylelint` scripts to your package.json

```json
    "stylelint": "stylelint '**/*.scss'",
    "stylelint-fix": "stylelint '**/*.scss' --fix"

```

## Gulp

> If your project used Gulp to compile SCSS you can integrate the Stylelint using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project used Gulp to compile SCSS you can integrate Stylelint using
```

Author: Fixed

```
npm install @adorade/gulp-stylelint -save-dev
```

and use a config similar to the following

```js
function stylelintTask() {
	return gulp
		.src('src/**/*.scss')
		.pipe(gulpStylelint({
			reporters: [
				{ formatter: 'string', console: true }
			]
		}));
}

```

## IDE Plugins

One of the big advantages of Stylelint is that most of the major IDE's have a plugin that can help you write the code without the need to run Stylelint.

> - VScode has a very good plugin for Stylelint. The setup is not straight forward, but is simple if you follow [this article](https://kumardeepak.xyz/blog/stylelint-scss-and-visual-studio-code/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- VScode has a very good plugin for Stylelint. Follow the [instructions in this article](https://kumardeepak.xyz/blog/stylelint-scss-and-visual-studio-code/) to help set it up.
```

Author: Fixed

> - Inteliji has also a plugin for [Stylelint](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/using-stylelint-code-quality-tool.html#ws_stylelint_lint_your_code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Inteliji also has a plugin for [Stylelint](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/using-stylelint-code-quality-tool.html#ws_stylelint_lint_your_code).
```

Author: Fixed

## License

> The @springernature/stylelint-config repository is licensed under the [MIT License][info-license].    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The stylelint-config-springernature repository is licensed under the [MIT License][info-license].    
```
